[Autogenerated] with those first key concept in minder letters.
Try to launch eclipse in this life growing section.
Er,
let us make it _____ because eclipse can _____ when it's launched due to bad
configuration and especially due to bad Java configuration.
So to fiddle with this,
we are going to do that and we're going to set up Java projects in it.
So to download a cliffs, of course,
the first thing you need to do is to visit the official eclipse
projector that really the value that eclipse that organ on.
From there.
You can definitely go to the downloader space by clicking on this button.
The Eclipse I.
D.
E.
Is the flagship project of the Eclipse Foundation,
and it is the first project that you can download from this page of now
there are two solutions to download and install eclipse.
Either you download the installer with this,
but China download 64 bits on this is going to download a small application
that itself will be able to download the full eclipse.
I d e.
Or you can go to download Package is a here,
and this is what we're going to do from this pager you can choose which pre
package eclipse distribution you want to download er on.
The one we're going to choose for these calls is the
eclipse I D for Java e developers, a version 64 bits.
If you want more details on the content of the back ager,
you can click on this link and you will get to kind of information on this page.
First, the content of the package.
Here you can see that on the Java e developer tradition of eclipse,
you have many things about data, tools, JavaScript,
html XML on the like, and you also have informations on the releases of Eclipse.
As of this recording, the conversion is the oxygen version.
The upcoming version will be the photon Virgina,
and the previous one is the neon version.
The major versions of Eclipse are released the on the
summer solstice in the Northern Hemisphere,
that is the 21st of June.
A.
Every year on the convention is the four wing.
We get a new letter each year,
so this year this is the old letter on the oxygen version.
Next Juna would be the P version with faux Tona,
and last year was the end year with the neon version.
Let us go back to the download page of and proceeded to the download.
Click the download.
Better now.
You can even choose to make a donation to the Clips
Foundation Wide download is Raina.
Let us do that.
Donate.
I'm going to pay using a credit card.
Give my email.
You should really consider donating to the Eclipse Foundation.
Giving to these kind of foundation is really
essential for computer science nowadays. Confirm and then, ah, the night.